one of my favorite books, and I don't know if it's of all time. But one
book that I have read more than others kind of over and over again
is Steven Press Fields. Gates of Fire really enjoy that book. It's
basically kind of a of a fictional take about the non fictional Battle
of Thermopylae and, ah, you know, the Spartans going against Persia.
And there's a lot of good kind of, um, values on leadership and
some nuggets in there that are kind of good takeaways is just an overall
great story. So that's kind of one of my favorite books that I'll
have a tendency to read if I don't have anything else to read, all
kind of re read that book over again.